>> Nina Zakharenko: On the course website,
you will find,
>> Nina Zakharenko: A handy
list of test case assertions
here at the bottom, so equals,
not equals, asserting true,
asserting false.
Using the standard library unit tests,
it's fine for most projects,
even of a reasonable size.
But as your program go, as your code
organization becomes more complex,
you might want to consider a more
advance alternate testing framework or
test runner.
There is a third party tool called nose,
and
a third party testing frame work
called pytest that are very popular.
Those modules are compatible
with unit tests, but
they do things slightly differently.
And once you feel like your unit
tests are getting out of control,
that's a good stopping point to do
a little bit of experimentation.